today I'm going to be eating balut which
is basically an a with an embryo of a
duck in it it comes with Philippines the
goose egg and this is a regular egg mean
duck egg Oh to duck egg yeah it's a
decade all right if you look up into the
way you can see that this is transparent
and it has nothing in it getting a good
shot of that kind of go ahead and if you
see the doc egg there's nothing you
can't see anything in there because it's
full blow follows embryo and duck
deliciousness soon i'm going to fitting
the blue egg in I just slip it in yeah
but I'm i crack my foot in it but go
ahead
I'm gonna go down one it's in for 30
minutes now to boil
ok so the balut is out of boiling it and
cooling through a while I'm going to
crack it bunch of cracker hits the wall
also something plastic yeah just bang
against the wall God is it tough oh my
god the rod is in bad I'll say that oh
my god not awful I just tastes like
chicken & kissin chicken it is a chicken
and like those little cubes that tastes
like chicken soup boo Yong beyond but
now I have to see what I've been that's
been facing in Justin going to be good
oh god that's awful you with some salt
yeah thing first that's too much so this
is awful
it was hard I can't even fight in it you
feel it yeah it's hard I don't want to
look at the rest of it you have to ah
just let me get close of a hog it's just
dog oh wow Sophia you're not eating that
are you my egg part looks okay I was all
right oh oh my god I eat that part I'd
area yeah odd all right I'm definitely
giving this the docks I do not know what
it is the white part really it's the
white part of the egg that's probably
safe well I 8 the Yogi times yeah but
did you eat that's too hard to eat Sofia
blog when you eat that she's like no
thank you the dog won't even eat that
age oh there she goes there she goes
here I go eat the hit look that she's
running off with it mushy oh my gosh
well it tastes like liver renege do is
that the fur until liver eggs inhale it
goes all my bike to go for one more bite
all right I'm not eating the head though
that's just sad look at it oh my gosh
okay that's really that's repulsive
that's pretty repulsive Oh Sophia oh my
god that's pretty gross maybe I'll try
little bit ah the baby wing yeah I'm
sure the baby wing oh that's really good
is it yeah so the suck part is ok jump
art it's delicious egg part not so much
like a little bit all right let's go
come on your neck Oh God okay what all
right the dog is this part cuz I
definitely don't want to eat this
Freddie what the hell is that so that
part he says that's the best part no no
you're not going to I'm not why not is
the beach with let it go that's right a
beak I want so grossed out but I taste
like fish bones yeah that's very fine oh
I'm super stay on appetizers Sean
alright let's see oh gosh that's so
weird we're good at we're bad I don't
know if I can do this the dogs could
give it to her see Jesus but she thinks
and what is like a liver but seeing its
little head and stuff good you guys you
ain't beat already oh good newbies head
I'm just thinking about swallowing it
because you know no don't swallow it
Rose rose you did I'm gonna chop on it
well it's smooth so that's not really
concerned about Sophie look at her she's
ready she went to Jason I'm gonna try it
that's one haha I wouldn't need the head
now I can't eat the head giving it to
her okay Wendy's ahead oh sure she does
Oh gross my favorite part is how pretty
the shells look and so now you know that
Molly shea could live in the wilderness
yeah maybe fertilized duck egg you got
stuff on your lips and I got a delicious
baby bird all over my now you all right
and this is a reason why Molly Shea is
much more awesome than you are